# Daily Note - 05-08-2021

## Mood/feeling
- [x] Calm 
- [x]  Happy 
- [ ]  Stressful 
- [ ]  Resistant
- [ ]  Frustrated
- [x]  Productive

## What did I achieve today
Clearing a devent amount of the area in front of the compost bin

## Three things to be grateful for today
- Having found a good book
- Smell of fresh bread baking
- Really good first beer at Bookshop Ale House
	
## One new thing I learnt today
How to set up a LAMP server

## A question to take forward from today
Why can't I access the WordPress admin page from another computer on the same network

## Habits
Habit | Completed? | Reflection
-----| ------------|---------
Spanish |x|  Standard
Gardening |x| Clearing more space by the compost bins
Exercise ||
Meditation |x|First visualisation exercise - imagined light flowing into the body to help muscles relax
Reading |x| First couple of chapters of invisible women. Really good, just pointing out so much inherent crap that has to be overcome by not being the default position, and by people in the defaul position resisting change


## General notes and thoughts
Thoroughly enjoyed going to sit in bookshop alehouse to read. Was practically empty, little bit of chat with barman, really good beers. Will go again.

ereader looks more convenient and works really well, lots of options. Need to get sync working

Got server working, which was fun too. Can't access WordPress admin options. Will probably remove wordpress bit anyway. I don't see what advantage it provides for creating a website. Maybe I'll find that out later. Looking up remote accesss would probably be the next thing to do. Found a small link that shows how to make a simple text editor, so will look at that soon too.


## Dump
- [ ] Try making text editor website using guide here - https://enlight.nyc/projects/text-editor #programming #projects #programmingProjects #textEditor #website #keylogger
- [ ] Work out how to do link within page on Obsidian
- [ ]  App to let people update location anonymously for sexual assault or other issues