# Daily Note - 04-08-2021

## Mood/feeling
- [ ] Calm 
- [x]  Happy 
- [ ]  Stressful 
- [ ]  Resistant
- [ ]  Frustrated
- [x]  Productive

## What did I achieve today
I cleared some of the plants from near the compost bin, helping to get it ready for more herbs

## Three things to be grateful for today
- Time to relax at the end of the day
- I had a very easy day at the summer school (and was paid for it!)
- Dinner (tomato risotto) tasted really good
	
## One new thing I learnt today
That I could use moon+reader to read ebooks, and I can export all my notes at once

## A question to take forward from today
Do I look for too much when I am looking for what I have achieved


## Habits
Habit | Completed? | Reflection
-----| ------------|---------
Spanish |x| Standard
Gardening |x| Cleared lots of ivy and some other roots from near the compost bin. Removed slugs from greenhouse plants and rearranged other bits to help chillies get ready. Took up a bit more of the black plastic sheeting
Exercise |x| Run with Sophie
Meditation |x| Final asking questions session, moving on to visualisation
Reading |x| Started Invisible Women; really good analysis, stories, explanations and data so far


## General notes and thoughts
Summer school was good, though students weren't super engaged with activity. Not sure if I wasn't pushing it as much, or maybe it was because it wasn't **my** own lesson, and that showed. Sessions were okay, but should have kept kids more focussed.

Still had some good conversations with the students. Learnt that my fashion is appreciated throughout the school by the students, sharing pictures of my shoes! 

Managed to be productive in the morning, and get most of my bits done then. I also did some garden bits in the evening, as well as some more reading, a run, making dinner and exercise.

I think that there could be real value in the journalling. Not sure about the grateful and what did I achieve part. Small point is that the second one overlaps with *what did I learn.* More significant point is that I think I am over reaching for it and looking for a big achievement. Similarly, with the gratitude points, I think I am looking for something more significant than is reasonable. Will put below to look into the research behind using these, and also ask others to see if it is a mindset thing.

## Dump
- [ ]  Look up about research into using gratitude points or achievement records in journals