# Daily Note - 06-08-2021

## Mood/feeling
- [x] Calm 
- [ ]  Happy 
- [ ]  Stressful 
- [ ]  Resistant
- [ ]  Frustrated
- [ ]  Productive

## What did I achieve today
Got wood with Sophie for making shelf
Got git sync working on mobile for Obsidian

## Three things to be grateful for today
- Nice day spent with Sophie
- Went in to Olaf's tun for the first time, so discovered a new good micro pub
- nice food at Thrive
	
## One new thing I learnt today
Where the Southampton Wood Recycling project is, and what is has

## Habits
Habit | Completed? | Reflection
-----| ------------|---------
Spanish |x| 
Gardening |x| checked chilli plants for caterpillars, put salt down to stop the slugs getting to the other herbs
Exercise ||
Meditation ||
Reading |x|  Continued to read invisible women


## General notes and thoughts
Spent a good part of the day walking with Sophie - into town, then ate at Thrive (chicken burger was very filling, strawberry milkshake was nice). Then walked over the Itchen bridge and up to the wood recycling project. Got an old scaffoldign board which Sophie will make a shelf out of. Could go back their for building related projects. 

Went from Woolston station to Olaf's Tun for the first time. It is incredibly near (3 minutes from the station) and they had a great selection of beers, including take away as well. They also had ciders and gins, etc.

Going to Wareham tomorrow for a pub crawl. Feels like a good chance to unwind and relax. With a chance to unwind over the last few weeks it feels like it will be easier to chill and enjoy the time, with no expectation of doing anything.


## Dump
- [ ] Use [[wood recycling project]] for making things #projects #building 
- [ ]  Keep an eye on Humble Bundle for comic sets to read