# Daily Note - 07-08-2021

## Mood/feeling
- [x] Calm 
- [x]  Happy 
- [ ]  Stressful 
- [ ]  Resistant
- [ ]  Frustrated
- [ ]  Productive

## What did I achieve today

## Three things to be grateful for today
- Good view of Corfe castle at pub
- Good beers at all pubs
- Having a good chat with Ameena
	
## One new thing I learnt today
Lots of salt on a avocado, tomato and mushroom on toast breakfast makes it really good!

## Habits
Habit | Completed? | Reflection
-----| ------------|---------
Spanish |x| 
Gardening ||
Exercise ||
Meditation |x| Good daily session on "wishful thinking", not trying to change things that can't be changed
Reading |x| [[Invisible women]] is still really good, just so many points and such continuous content it is hard to keep up with


## General notes and thoughts
Good journey down to Wareham, started early in the Quay pub, and had some Purbeck IPA and Landlord there. Then had one in the King's Arms, which had a great garden and a good view of Corfe Castle near it. Good beer selection again, tried a pale ale I hadn't had before. 

Then we moved onto King's arms, which had friendlyl staff, good chips, good outdoor seating.

Puns in Swanage weren't so good, but also I was definitely too drunk by that point to have much more. We ended up in Harry Ramsden (really good onions rings and curry sauce), before getting bus back to Wareham.

From there we stayed for another pint before heading back to Sophire's mums, saw Lilly and Stanley, and then Sophie went with her mum to pick up Becky and Kieron, then we went to bed!

## Dump
- [ ] 