# Daily Note - 11-08-2021

## Mood/feeling
- [x] Calm 
- [x]  Happy 
- [ ]  Stressful 
- [x]  Resistant
- [ ]  Frustrated
- [ ]  Productive

## What did I achieve today
Got to know a new person

## Three things to be grateful for today
-  Great views on walk around Corfe Castle
- Found some good looking dog adoption centres
- New walking boots fitted well and were generally comfortable, despite long first walk in them
	
## One new thing I learnt today
What a kite looks like

## Habits
Habit | Completed? | Reflection
-----| ------------|---------
Spanish |x| 
Gardening ||
Exercise |x|
Meditation ||
Reading |x| 


## General notes and thoughts
We went on a 6 mile walk near Corfe castle with Verity, Sophie's PhD friend. Lots of good long talks, about autism, gender bias, dogs, general background and life. 

Walk was very nice, lots of brilliant views across Poole, Bournemout, Wareham - half of Dorset. We happened on a really good cafe, with plenty of vegan options.

Also stopped at Bank's arms in Corfe (it was very busy in the village, could barely move in some parts).

Started reading a new book recommended by Dan too - *The Long Way to a Small Angry Planet*. Sci-Fi book - good read, seems almost like a child's book, but clearly not due to swearing and some of the topics discussed. Touching very strongly on lots of gender/race/general identity issues. I can't tell if it is a good book but I am over thinking the topics, both because they are not subtle, and because they are currenlty very much in the zeitgeist, or if the critical part of me is correct. Basically, am I resisting it (partially) just because I am over aware of the topic, and want to take a higher/superior ground of being *above* what it is about.

## Dump
- [ ] 