# Everyday sexism examples
#feminism #sexism 

This is a place to gather examples of everyday sexist issues

- While much of the historical gender data gap in travel planning has arisen simply because the idea   that women might have different needs didn’t occur to the (mainly) male planners, there is another,   less excusable, reason for it, and that is that women are seen as, well, just more difficult to measure.   ‘Women have much more complicated travel patterns,’ explains Sánchez de Madariaga, who has designed a   survey to measure women’s care travel. And on the whole, transport authorities aren’t interested in women’s   ‘atypical’ travel habits. Anastasia Loukaitou-Sideris, a professor of urban planning at UCLA, tells me that   ‘oftentimes there is the perception from the part of transit operators that everyone has universal needs.   Men, women, everything is the same. And this is completely untrue.’ She laughs in exasperation. ‘Talking to   women riders they bring up a whole slew of different needs that are not being taken care of.’ To make matters worse, transport authorities are compounding the existing gender data gap by failing   to separate the data they do have by sex. The annual transport statistics report37 created by the UK   government’s Department of Transport includes a single statistic (on the gender breakdown of driving-test   pass rates – in 2015/16 44% of women passed versus 51% of men), and a link to a page on a government   website that hosts a report on gender and walking. The report has nothing to say on the gender breakdown   of bus or rail usage, for example, even though this information is vital for planning a transport system   that properly serves all its users. #InvisibleWomen
-  In London women are three times more likely than men to take a child to school7 and 25%8 more likely to   trip-chain; this figure rises to 39% if there is a child older than nine in the household. The disparity in   male/female trip-chaining is found across Europe, where women in dual-worker families are twice as likely as   men to pick up and drop off children at school during their commute. It is most pronounced in households with   young children: a working woman with a child under the age of five will increase her trip-chaining by 54%; a   working man in the same position will only increase his by 19%.9 What all these differences meant back in Karlskoga was that the apparently gender-neutral snow-clearing   schedule was in fact not gender neutral at all, so the town councillors switched the order of snow-clearing   to prioritise pedestrians and public-transport users. After all, they reasoned, it wouldn’t cost any more   money, and driving a car through three inches of snow is easier than pushing a buggy (or a wheelchair, or   a bike) through three inches of snow. What they didn’t realise was that it would actually end up saving them money. Since 1985, northern Sweden   has been collecting data on hospital admissions for injuries. Their databases are dominated by pedestrians,   who are injured three times more often than motorists in slippery or icy conditions10 and account for half   the hospital time of all traffic-related injuries.11 And the majority of these pedestrians are women. A   study of pedestrian injuries in the Swedish city area of Umeå found that 79% occurred during the winter   months, and that women made up 69% of those who had been injured in single-person incidents (that is,   those which didn’t involve anyone else). Two-thirds of injured pedestrians had slipped and fallen on   icy or snowy surfaces, and 48% had moderate to serious injuries, with fractures and dislocations being   the most common. Women’s injuries also tended to be more severe. A five-year study in Skåne County uncovered the same trends – and found that the injuries cost money in   healthcare and lost productivity.12 The estimated cost of all these pedestrian falls during just a single   winter season was 36 million Kronor (around £3.2 million). (This is likely to be a conservative estimate:   many injured pedestrians will visit hospitals that are not contributing to the national traffic accident   register; some will visit doctors; and some will simply stay at home. As a result, both the healthcare and   productivity costs are likely to be higher.) But even with this conservative estimate, the cost of pedestrian accidents in icy conditions was about   twice the cost of winter road maintenance. In Solna, near Stockholm, it was three times the cost, and some   studies reveal it’s even higher.13 Whatever the exact disparity, it is clear that preventing injuries by   prioritising pedestrians in the snow-clearing schedule makes economic sense. #InvisibleWomen 